Sometimes you need a bit more power for retrieving your data.
Now we're already extensively use the find and findOne methods and these are your default methods for
retrieving data indeed
but sometimes you want to do more complex transformations to your data.
Now of course we talked about the fact that you want to store the data in your database in the format
you need it in in your application
but this is not always possible.
You might have an online shop where the sellers can also generate detailed reports on their sales data,
now it will probably be hard to store the data in exactly that format because these reports might be
customizable by the sellers or let's say you have a customer facing application on which your data scientists
in your company also work, of course you will gear your data towards your customers and you will
store it in a way that allows your customers to quickly interact with your application and your data scientists
might not be that important for you from a data modeling perspective
therefore, hence you also need more complex data transformation capabilities.
And in this module, we will have a look at the aggregation framework which gives you just that. You'll
learn what exactly the aggregation framework is in mongodb and how you can use it to retrieve data
in exactly the format you need it in your application.